1314420141
Authorization	/home/harish/others/repos/test3/app/models/authorization.rb	class Authorization 
AuthorizationTest	/home/harish/others/repos/test3/test/unit/authorization_test.rb	class AuthorizationTest 
CreateAuthorizations	/home/harish/others/repos/test3/db/migrate/20110826215318_create_authorizations.rb	class CreateAuthorizations 
ModifyUsersForOmniauth	/home/harish/others/repos/test3/db/migrate/20110827043618_modify_users_for_omniauth.rb	class ModifyUsersForOmniauth 
OmniauthController	/home/harish/others/repos/test3/app/controllers/devise/omniauth_controller.rb	class Devise::OmniauthController 
OmniauthControllerTest	/home/harish/others/repos/test3/test/functional/devise/omniauth_controller_test.rb	class Devise::OmniauthControllerTest 
OmniauthHelper	/home/harish/others/repos/test3/app/helpers/devise/omniauth_helper.rb	module Devise::OmniauthHelper
OmniauthHelperTest	/home/harish/others/repos/test3/test/unit/helpers/devise/omniauth_helper_test.rb	class Devise::OmniauthHelperTest 
User	/home/harish/others/repos/test3/app/models/user.rb	class User 
create	/home/harish/others/repos/test3/app/controllers/devise/omniauth_controller.rb	  def create
create_from_hash	/home/harish/others/repos/test3/app/models/authorization.rb	  def self.create_from_hash(hash, user = nil)
create_from_hash!	/home/harish/others/repos/test3/app/models/user.rb	    def self.create_from_hash!(hash)
destroy	/home/harish/others/repos/test3/app/controllers/devise/omniauth_controller.rb	  def destroy
down	/home/harish/others/repos/test3/db/migrate/20110826215318_create_authorizations.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/harish/others/repos/test3/db/migrate/20110827043618_modify_users_for_omniauth.rb	  def self.down
facebook	/home/harish/others/repos/test3/app/controllers/devise/omniauth_controller.rb	  def facebook
find_from_hash	/home/harish/others/repos/test3/app/models/authorization.rb	  def self.find_from_hash(hash)
google_apps	/home/harish/others/repos/test3/app/controllers/devise/omniauth_controller.rb	  def google_apps
linked_in	/home/harish/others/repos/test3/app/controllers/devise/omniauth_controller.rb	  def linked_in
passthru	/home/harish/others/repos/test3/app/controllers/devise/omniauth_controller.rb	  def passthru
to_s	/home/harish/others/repos/test3/app/models/user.rb	  def to_s
twitter	/home/harish/others/repos/test3/app/controllers/devise/omniauth_controller.rb	  def twitter
up	/home/harish/others/repos/test3/db/migrate/20110826215318_create_authorizations.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/harish/others/repos/test3/db/migrate/20110827043618_modify_users_for_omniauth.rb	  def self.up
